Let's start making our
way to step three and
this is gonna get a little
bit more interesting.
So I want to close off my source files and
the way we begin step 3 is
changing our compiler settings.
So in the revised process,
we're going to call
this step 3.1, all we're doing is
we're opting into strict mode.
So we're gonna find strict,
we commented it out,
now we're uncommenting it and
let's see where we are.
We're gonna see if parcel
surfaces errors to us.
Maybe not.
Let's see if TSC does the same thing.
All right, it actually turns out we
already work with strict mode enabled.
And that means, we're not using
any weird function bind stuff,
that this is not that big of a shock.
So we can proceed to Step 3.2, right?
And this is where we start turning
on the even more strict mode.
Where we will do things like
noUnusedLocals, true,
noUnusedParameters, true.
So that one wasn't even in the notes,
but it's worth adding, noUnused, or
noImplicitReturns, true.
And if you find that this is too much you
could even do individual passes with these
things.
And I would say it's necessary, so
I'm thinking about
the big app at LinkedIn.
The one that you know of as linkedin.com,
it's about 115,000 lines
of JavaScript code.
We would definitely wanna do this one at
a time, and they would be big changes.
But the whole point is you
can use some discretion here,
you have the ability to decide
what's best for your app.
What's this one?
forceConsistent, I don't need to
worry about this one because I
don't have any file names that collide,
but
Gosh, who came up with that name?
[LAUGH] okay, so
this is what I've stated as 3.2 even
more strict, let's see if we pass now
[LAUGH] I give up on that one.
It's already true, I must have misspelled
stuff, it's file names, not file name.
All right, but I think that
TypeScript gave up because my config
file was invalid, so
I don't believe that it's error free.
Now I do, cool.
Okay, so
actually we're in a good spot now, but
you could imagine how I could still have
some implicit returns hanging around.
This would be telling me
about this kind of thing.